hey what's going on in GG community its
guns for hire from NextGenTactics
obviously anyway just a quick update on
the whole George Hotz geo hot vs sony
case and recently mr. hots has been
ordered to turn over all computer and
software data that he has he's basically
has a restraining order he's not allowed
to basically post on forum sell anything
allow any of his software to be
distributed at this point and while
you're saying oh well he can you're
absolutely right he can do whatever he
wants however now that the courts have
ordered this restraining order if he
violates it you're looking at jail time
it's instant jail time it's not talking
a long term but that's the way this this
works so it's kind of nice to see that
happening although the problem is that
it's already out there the custom
firmware is distributed so far he
doesn't have to do anything he doesn't
have to push it at all because it's
already out there and spreading through
his vast network so the restraining
order it's good to see it seems like the
courts are kind of going in the favor of
Sony and the ramifications of this are
huge and many many there are hundreds
hundreds and hundreds of hacking and
hacking websites basically and YouTube
channels everybody showing these things
and I'll tell you right now if the
decision of the courts support Sony and
there's some sort of ramp legal
ramifications against Gio hot then
you're looking at a lot of channels on
YouTube that Sony can take down really
fast and potentially sue you so if
you're if you're out there and you're
one of these little parasites that are
creating and spreading because I've seen
tons of you guys out there you know
saying oh here's how you do it this is
how it is if the decision comes down and
the court support Sony you were all in a
lot of trouble so take that in
consideration I'm not saying it as a
track it's just reality I'm not saying
that Sony will but they have full rights
and believe me believe me you are really
stupid if you think that youtube /
google
would not bend to sony coming down
saying you will remove those channels
you will remove those videos because
Google and YouTube is not about to take
a legal hit and get sued over a bunch of
little kids that don't know how to play
games properly that's the bottom line so
all of you are susceptible and quite
frankly I'm I'm excited to see what
happens here I do hope that geo Hut's
does get actually sued and that's my
personal own opinion but then again you
know I'm a fair gamer I don't like to
cheat or anything like that I like to
actually earn my kills and have fun
without destroying other people's right
to do so haha lots of a personal
opinions on this anyway so that's it
restraining order against Gio hot I know
I always look to the side I don't know
why I do that I just do but restraining
order against Gio hots everything has to
be turned over he is no longer able to
push his products his form of digital
crack on society stay tuned to see what
happens next and i'll keep you guys all
informed peace hey guys run Netflix okay
well we're not on netflix but we are
officially sponsored by them now
thousands of movies and TV shows
available every day at the click of a
button for a free one month trial
membership simply click on the link in
the description courtesy of
NextGenTactics yeah you're welcome